Doc set for VMFR (#110937)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-vmfr-enabling.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/oadp-vmfr/oadp-using-vmfr.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-vmfr-enabling_{context}"]
= Enabling {oadp-short} VMFR

[role="_abstract"]

> Enable {oadp-short} virtual machine file restore (VMFR) by configuring the `DataProtectionApplication` (DPA) CR with the `vmFileRestore` section. This helps you to allow file-level restore operations for virtual machine backups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable {oadp-short} virtual machine file restore (VMFR) by configuring the `DataProtectionApplication` (DPA) custom resource (CR) with the `vmFileRestore` section. You can allow file-level restore operations for VM backups.
```

just trying to make more user-centric

.Prerequisites

* You are logged in to the cluster with the `cluster-admin` role.

> * You have installed the {oadp-short} Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The {oadp-short} Operator is installed.
```

> * You have configured the `DataProtectionApplication` (DPA) CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `DataProtectionApplication` (DPA) CR is configured.
```

trying to make it more a state-checks in prerequisites list
